# Meeting Record

| Location       | Time                  | Attendance   |
| -------------- | --------------------- | ------------ |
| Project Room17 | 4pm - 6pm  07/11/2021 | All Attended |

#### Main topic

- Shared the prototype made by Lok and check if there's something could do better.
- Shared the format to write the user requirement specification.

#### Progress made

- Finished most part of the prototype.
- Had written the introduction part of the interim report.
- Had written the first version of requirement specification.

#### Problem met

- How detailed the prototype should be & is it worth that much for us to make one?
  - We thought that though there may exist inconsistence between the prototype and final project, but it worth that effort to make one, as it dose provide a deeper insight. And the prototype could guide us to implement the detail.

#### Job assignment

- Everyone: 
  - Modify the own part of report and give it to another member for further check.
    - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
  - Modify the requirement specification using formatted language(imperative sentence with an actor) and upload the use case diagram into repo.
    - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
- Lok: keep on working with the prototype, modifying the mentioned problem and adding worker part.
  - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
- Zack: Draw class diagram, Project part.
  - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
- Christina: Draw class diagram, Message part.
  - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
- Ming Kai: Draw class diagram, Diagram part.
  - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
- Yuhong Wei & Yuanshi Wang: Draw class diagram, User part.
  - DDL: 11.10 next formal meeting.
